Hello everyone and welcome to part one of the Twitter projects for the sparks streaming section of the
course.
So now it's time for your final project which is probably the most ambitious project we've done so far
in this course.
We're going to create a simple application that plots out the popularity of tags associated with incoming
tweets streamed live from Twitter to do all of this.
We first need to create a Twitter developer account to get our access codes.
Then you'll need to install tweet the library as well as Matt Cutlip and seaborne.
So we're going to walk through all of that set up in this lecture.
Let's get started by going to a browser and going to apps start Twitter dot com or go to that Web site
now.
All right.
Here an app start Twitter that COM and to actually get started with application management.
With Twitter you first need to sign in with your Twitter account.
So if you don't have a Twitter account you'll need to sign in.
So go ahead and create a Twitter account then come back to this page and sign in.
Go into that now.
Click on sign in.
Then you're just going to log in.
And then once you're logged then you probably don't have any applications yet if you haven't used this
you're going to come over here it's create new app.
Click on that then you'll be on this create an application page and we'll start off by giving application
details.
So just give your application a unique name.
You may need to change it depending on if the names are already taken.
All do spark Twitter and new app see if that works.
I may have to change it a description.
I'll just say my Sparc app the Web site.
So this Web site is your application is publicly accessible home page.
However we don't have a Web site for our page or application yet and if you don't have a URL you just
put in a placeholder.
So I'm going to put in HTP colon slash slash W.W. the Google dot com and we'll probably HTP us just
to make sure we don't get any errors there.
And then scroll down agree to the Twitter developer agreement and then say create your Twitter application.
All right.
So once you're at your applications page you want to click here on keys and access tokens and that will
open up a new tab.
So here in our application settings you'll see a consumer key and API key and then the consumer secret
an API secret key.
So make sure you write those down and you don't want these things publicly available.
So write those down somewhere make sure you know where they are saved into a text file.
Cetera and then scroll down until you get to this.
So you scroll down till you get to your access token.
And then once you're at your access token click here where it says create Maxxis token.
Once that is done on the same page if you scroll all the way down you should see something that says
access token an access token secret so the access token is going to be used to make the API request
on our Twitter accounts behalf and make sure you don't share this token seeker if anyone.
But basically we need is that consumer key the consumer secret key the access token the access token
secret.
Once you have those for basically hash codes you are ready to go.
So make sure you write those down.
Copy and paste them somewhere.
And we're going to be using those the next lecture.
But we've done everything we need to do for our actual Twitter setup.
Now we're going to install all the libraries we need.
So I'm going to hop over to a terminal inside my virtual box and install those libraries right inside
my terminal here.
The first thing going to do is say pick three install and I'm going to install tweet pie which is kind
of this library that connects Python with Twitter.
So that will collect download and install it for Python 3 here and let me fast forward until this is
finished downloading and installing.
Once that is done the next thing you want to do is import the visualization libraries or I should say
download the visualization libraries.
There were going to be using the first one's called Matt Partlet and the second one is called Seaborn.
So we'll say pick three install that plot Lipp answer
and then I'm going to fast forward until this is finished installing and then finally when my plot lib
is done we'll say Pick 3 install and we will install Seaborn.
Which is another visualization library.
OK.
So just let that download and install and that's basically it.
So once you're done with those steps getting you're a Twitter developer account set up and then downloading
those three libraries that sweepy by plotless and seaborne you have everything you need for the next
lecture.
OK I won't have to just cut it off here and I'll see you at the next lecture.